Portfolio
---------
---------




Pages
---------



--> ABOUT ME PAGE

Name

Navigation-links

Background-image

Portrait-image

Hello! My name is Mubarak Abara, and I’m a web developer here
in Oakland. I like to code and create good looking websites.
As a child, I always loved collecting tools and materials to 
build houses and that passion grew up with me to now transform
into building websites.

If I am not working, I like to watch movies (I love superhero movies) 
and soccer, my favorite team is the best Italian team Juventus.

Checkout my resume.

<Skills-section>

HTML-logo

My focus is writing clean, valid, semantic HTML5.


CSS-logo

I write CSS that is easy to read and build on.


Github-logo

I always load my code into Github to share my work
and to collaborate with the team.




--> CONTACT ME PAGE

Contact me form
Email address
Twitter address
Instagram address
Linkedin address




--> PROJECTS PAGE

Hobby-page-screenshot

This is a hobby page created to share my love for coffee specifically for Eritrean coffee.



Colors
----------


--> Background: lightgrey (whole-page for all pages - #ebebeb -) and lightblue (skills-section - #c9f8ff -)

Lightgrey is a cool and neutral color. It goes well with other colors. It's not
as bright as white, so it can be easier on the eyes.

Blue is the color of sky and sea it's associated with calmness.


--> Text-heading: black

black can highlight text easily.It is a bold and dark color.


--> Text-body: darkgrey

Grey text is softer and can at times be more appealing visually. It makes the page feel lighter.It makes it easier for the user to see black headings.


--> Header-links: dark-grey

It is a dark color. It goes well with the color of the back-ground image.



Fonts
----------



--> Fonts-heading: Palatino

It's a large font that makes it perfect for the web, traditionally used for headings and print-style ads.



--> Fonts-body: Verdana

it is easy to read online.



Images
----------

Header-Background-image (laptop image)
Portrait 
HTML-logo-image
CSS-logo-image
Github-logo-image
Hobby-page-screenshot




Portfolios
--------------

https://www.colingrist.com/

Likes: The header background changes to a white color when you scroll down.
Dislikes: The contact page is very simple, maybe add a contact form in there.

http://aaronmoody.co.uk/

Likes: design is very nice and professional, nice touch with the project sites and how user can see the different pages in the main section. 
Dislikes: the page is a bit long, maybe add a link to the footer (contact) section.

http://www.mynus.sk/

Likes: Images are clickable, change color (blue) and text appears when the cursor is on the image.
Dislikes: header text is too big, bad font and probably change the footer links, avoid the underlines.
Navigating the website was a bit confusing too. 














